Implementation of schema tool in Java for Scalar DB (#280)
scalar-labs/scalardb: schema-loader/README.md

> # Schema Loader for Scalar DB

Author: Apply in [852333d](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/pull/280/commits/852333daf4d8ccda0ed3e2bed23affcd450c007a)

This tool used for creating, deleting schemas along with necessary metadata of Scalar DB on Cosmos DB, DynamoDB, Cassandra and a JDBC database.
  - For Cosmos DB, this tool works on databases(collections) and tables(containers), also inserts metadata which is required by Scalar DB. You can specify the resource base unit, scaling option as well.
  - For DynamoDB, this tool works on tables named with the database names, also inserts metadata which is required by Scalar DB. You can specify the resource base unit, backup and scaling option as well.
  - For Cassandra, this tool works on databases(keyspaces) and tables, also inserts metadata which is required by Scalar DB. You can specify the compaction strategy, the network topology strategy, and the replication factor as well.
  - For a JDBC database, this tool works on databases(schemas) and tables, also inserts metadata which is required by Scalar DB.

>   - Scalar DB metadata for transactions is automatically adds when you set the `transaction` parameter `true` in the schema file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Scalar DB metadata for transactions are automatically added when you set the `transaction` parameter `true` in the schema file.
```

```console
# For DynamoDB
$ ./build/install/schema-loader/bin/schema-loader --dynamo -u <AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID> -p <AWS_ACCESS_SECRET_KEY> --region <REGION> -f schema.json [-r BASE_RESOURCE_UNIT]
```
  - `<REGION>` should be a string to specify an AWS region like `ap-northeast-1`.
  - `-r` option is almost the same as Cosmos DB option. However, the unit means DynamoDB capacity unit. The read and write capacity units are set the same value.

```console
# For Cassandra
$ ./build/install/schema-loader/bin/schema-loader --cassandra -h <CASSANDRA_IP> [-P <CASSANDRA_PORT>] [-u <CASSANDRA_USER>] [-p <CASSANDRA_PASSWORD>] -f schema.json [-n <NETWORK_STRATEGY>] [-R <REPLICATION_FACTOR>]
```

  - If `-P <CASSANDRA_PORT>` is not supplied, it defaults to `9042`.
  - If `-u <CASSANDRA_USER>` is not supplied, it defaults to `cassandra`.
  - If `-p <CASSANDRA_PASSWORD>` is not supplied, it defaults to `cassandra`.
  - `<NETWORK_STRATEGY>` should be `SimpleStrategy` or `NetworkTopologyStrategy`

```console
# For a JDBC database
$ ./build/install/schema-loader/bin/schema-loader --jdbc -j <JDBC URL> -u <USER> -p <PASSWORD> -f schema.json
```

> 
>   - Note that this tool doesn't create schemas for the Oracle database. Please create the schemas manually for this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The JdbcAdmin does create the schema for Oracle now.
